[Music]
you took a bullet yes but I
felt it
but it's because you have a
rhinoshield case I'm sure you
bought it with the promo code at Chounet at
less than 15%.  no I
saved your life the rhinoshield shell
is both a protection but
also a support because it allows you to
install the rhinoshield macro very
easily in order to make your videos
even more beautiful the link in
description will allow you  to access
wonderful collector's cases
with Assassin's Creed and
Rainbow Six themes so take advantage of it but what are
you talking about, sorry old
YouTuber reflex as soon as I have a good
product in my hands I feel
obliged  to sell it do
n't worry everything will be fine with the
rhinoshield head it protects your cell phone and
it's already not bad take advantage of less 15%
with the link in the description promised it wo
n't cost you arm and hello everyone
and welcome to  this new video
on Call of Duty Modern Warfare if you
are here to have a blast or to
see if it's a [ __ ] game you are
in the right place
these players whose path breathes
inbreeding I missed Call of
Duty I will tell you  admit that doing tests
on this license is starting to tire me of
the basic shooter in all its
splendor which struggles to renew itself but
which still manages to sell every
year what I mean by that is
that for years  this license
had become crap in a box but
now with this Modern Warfare they
tickled my nipples with interest seasons
that this license exists for
291.7 million [ __ ] copies
sold in the [ __ ] sacred blue world
that's some numbers  which did not
prevent Activision Blizzard from firing 800
employees I remind you despite
record results in 2018 but all is
well their financial director received 15
million dollars in bonus I imagine
he was able to buy the yacht he
dreamed of everything to bask in
the Caribbean while defending himself from coke
in the company of a few Swedish women
that should we not for the happiness of a
man in short let's see this Call of Duty
Modern Warfare open tense to see
its  entrails its weaknesses let's eat
its still beating heart and throw these
guts to the port let's go for the test
well before starting to play you will
have to read the Conditions
of Use then then you
agree not to undertake any of the
following actions during  your
use of the program embarrass or
cause embarrassment or embarrassment to
another participant but they are making fun of
me or what does that mean that I have
no right to say that I found the
part easy when I win we  no longer has the
right to mess around with Call
of Duty now, no, but where are we, well, I'm going
to do like everyone else, I'm going to
accept the deal anyway, simply
because I spent 60 bucks to
play this damn game on the other hand  their
stupid rules they stick it in the ass
anyway after that we will finally be able to play
and ah damn but what is
this [ __ ] loading shaders
but go do it and I don't have that
to do  [ __ ] it and the worst is that
every time we restart the game we
have to re-type the installation I
installed this game it's to kill people
well to jerk my feet anyway after
having done  all [ __ ] we can finally
start the campaign yes unlike
Black Ops 4 there is a campaign yes
Black Ops 4 you remember the Call
of Duty Battle Royale in the there
was no single player mode because
Trèsarch felt that the players  were
disinterested in the single-player mode so
I'm telling you it's true
Call of Duty Modern Warfare is off to a
better start than Black Ops 4 Call
of Duty Modern Warfare like in the [ __ ]
heyday but even Numerama finds
that it's  the best campaign in the
franchise so we're going to see if
it's true during this video
as well as your excuse of shooting the
triarch blank you put it in your ass anyway here we go
let's see what
this solo campaign gives I don't  I wo
n't summarize the story to avoid spoiling
this campaign which lasts a handful
of hours but overall it
really starts with the mission in London
where terrorists are blown up in
the middle of pikajinny while
everyone knows that it  it's forbidden to
blow yourself up in public, especially
since it's very dangerous, oh there they're going to
be stuck, it's a message of
prevention, well, I don't even know if
they're terrorists or
intermittent entertainers, look  they
look like a troop of conjurers
when they explode they disappear
directly anyway this mission
is nonsense the cops
help people to stretch
in the street Madam I won't let you
die with aches so
stretch  -you terrorists die in
the positions of star dancers and one [
Music]
two oh well done
by the way explosive the cops who will
all get behind the same
cover to die and I'm talking about this
leather chair that makes no sense
what's this [ __ ] chair
there's attracting them no but look at these littered
corpses they're completely
stupid and then look when I
finally find a place to hide the guy
closes the fence in front of me what an
[ __ ]
really need it when I tell you that
the cops in this game are stupid it's
not for nothing look at this one is driving
traffic he's so not good
that I'm sure he's going to screw up and well there you go and
well there you go ah well you  I
looked for it, that said, I still have to
talk to you about the end of this mission
because the special agencies have a
very special way of defusing bombs
[Music]
at all the stations, it's settled ah yes,
it's settled  you surprise me no but what an
bastard you have certainly been able to
see it but civilians take a very, very
expensive price in this game besides let's talk about it
well first of all you have to know that if
you kill civilians or allies you
will have to start again  at the
previous checkpoint it's forbidden finally it depends
in fact it's civilian that you kill looks
a little swarthy the game does
n't stop I swear it's done it to me
several times but say so it's  not
and no it is not racist because
these people come from a fictitious country
called the urssistant insultine
mix between Iraq Syria and
Afghanistan we can say that it is the
shield  magic anti-racism
of Activision that's why I find it
very strange that Numérama is appreciated
this campaign but hey there is much
more important than that like for example
the civilians who have exactly the same
clothes either Activision we had nothing
to give a damn either  this down jacket was a
disaster and then there is also the fact
that we cannot shoot down children
who give our position to the enemy
oh but that's okay children they are
future terrorists even worse I am
sure that this  are Fortnite players
it's good we can get rid of them well
if I can't kill the population I
can at least piss them off
[Applause]
you won't see the end of the match bastard
why am I doing this I'm really an
[ __ ] but  let's return to the urssistance this
fictional country where we are going to follow Farah
a Kurd finally a rebel who rolls in a
ball way who loves boring no but
look at this ass fed on
oriental cake with couscous and
chickpeas no but look at this ass  I
'm sure that if we spank it's
our hand that bounces
but it would be good for Activision to do
a little internship at Blizzard who will
teach them how to model DQ because
Blizzard in ass modeling there is
nothing better than that.  is perhaps
still the only thing that is happening
so well apart from that the show in
urgics distance are frankly very
nice we can carry
concrete blocks okay I already miss my job as a YouTuber will
also notice that the
enemies are completely stupid not
only does he walk all over me but
he also doesn't see me what a bunch
of idiots
special mention to the mission where we are
armed in sniper in which the enemies
have fun passing through the rocks
it turns out  it's ghosts of the
desert also called jeans it's
funny otherwise have you ever dreamed of
playing a little girl stuck under
rubble whose mother dies before her
eyes and who suffers in the seconds
following the attack of  an armed gang who
have only one objective you are everyone
a great moment in video games a great
moment in current affairs you will have
fun seeing dead people everywhere dying
because of a toxic gas and oh
oh by  against we don't touch the dog there the
cat dies it's sad in short
certain missions are very linked to
current events and this raises several
questions can video games
be associated in such a brutal way with
a form of media reflected on our
current world
can a billionaire multinational
use its facts to make even
more money under the cover of no
different is the video game this
politician I am thinking in particular of watch
dogs Legends which will deal with brexit in a
completely  dystopian and finally
why the Russians are still the
bad guys when they could also have
invented a name for their country a bunch of
questions that I feel like I'm
the only one asking myself when I see the
tests and articles  press on the
game what you will see at the press point at
the end of the video obviously I am going to
conclude this part on the campaign by
talking to you about the AI ​​of the allies which are
completely stupid damn you
are going to start checkpoints again
because look at this idiot who
puts himself in a small dark room right
in front of me just to take a
bullet and make me start the
sequence again just look at their reactivity
it's stupid an enemy will stand
in front of his cannon and he doesn't shoot  idiot
of your deaths and then watch the
speech afterwards you won't catch me
everyone will die the worst is these [ __ ]
special forces they only have one thing to
do it's secure the floors
what is it  does him instead of
securing the room which is right behind
his back well he passes in front of even a
child who is playing [ __ ] it's
a mistake not to make you did
n't steal your balls you
evil NPC  scripted fortunately that good
old Captain Price is back
Captain Price what a stupid name and
why not Leader Price while we're at
it
I think I've still
talked quite a bit about the campaign we're now going to
continue with the mode  multiplayer oh
[ __ ] there are so many things to say
good to start the old ones will
not be lost we still have a system
of assets as well as bonuses when we
manage to kill people in series we
always have the choice of  equipment a
main weapon a secondary an
accessory and an explosive in short it's
as usual but in addition provided you
can even have the joy of using
white phosphorus on your enemies and this is
perhaps prohibited by the Convention of
Geneva to use it in real life but in
video games there is nothing written that
said I wonder why a treaty
was signed against white phosphorus
because from what I can see in
Call of Duty and it only coughs
besides that you will be able to notice a
help change in the maps which
are much larger than in the
previous Call of Duty to believe that
Call of Duty is now taking itself for
Battlefield and yeah it's stupid even
adding vehicles to what a good [ __ ]
idea
on the other hand I admit when you control
a tank life is frankly
sweeter so [ __ ] what is
being rolled over now well
I imagine that some of you are
convinced by this
Battlefield erzat but don't start  to gain
confidence because this multiplayer
is also full of faults to
start the game is cross platform and
if you want to play in land war mode
which allows you to play 16
against 16 in gigantic maps
you are obliged to activate the cross mode
platform which therefore allows you to play
with Xbox one and PS4 players
so you are forced to play with people
who pay to play shooting games
with a controller there I'm sure
you're saying oh but it's okay with a keyboard
a mouse you can easily kill a
player on the controller and be aware that
no, players on the controller have
absolutely infamous aiming assistance
without forgetting that there is a sound signal
which tells you when an enemy passes through your
screen which makes  that the guy just has to
waste on the left to aim
automatically thanks to the hey massist
then right trigger to shoot and since
the weapons have no recoil well
obviously he kills me even if I'm
150 meters behind trees which
makes  that multiplayer is completely
broken if you play with
console players you think it's
madness you're somewhat right but
watch the videos that work
best on Call of Duty it's not the one
where you learn to play it  'is the one where we
calibrate ame assist and some
console players are so bad
that they try to program bots
for their controller no but where the hell are we in
short I invite you to deactivate
cross platform because it will make you feel
bad  anyway even without the
cross platform it's call of campus
it's very simple I've never seen so many
campers in an FPS so watch
this interview with Régis camper from father
to son
explain to us how we go about it
be a good camper well to
begin with you have to find the place here
it's a little cold there's some
echo I don't really like it
[Music]
getting hurt when you stay
on the ground for hours
otherwise you'll  hurts the knee you
understand
so I see that you use a
sniper but suddenly you don't put
the window
not the window
but it's dangerous
but why don't you actually shoot yourself
in the back I'm not a [ __ ]
and that's it  work
and we concretely how long are we
going to stay with you in this
room the
whole part
fortunately I have the solution against
these bastards you just need to be as
silent and with a sharp knife
what a pleasure to kill them while  'they
still have one eye in the viewfinder I
feel like a real ninja and then it seems
to piss them off, what
fun that said, the multiplayer has
another scourge I'm obviously talking about the
shotgun there the  guys don't even
need to aim to kill you and what's
worse is that it kills from afar it's
infamous and finally the last scourge of this
multiplayer mode is the dead keys,
damn it, it's nonsense.
There really are them every time on the map
and I admit that I have nothing to do with it I
love dead keys it's okay leave me
it's my Proust madeleine I can't
help it among the enemies  throw themselves
at it in short it's a shame this
multiplayer mode could have been frankly
very nice but it is completely
hidden because of the community which has an
absolutely execrable level that said
I saw no desire to be pejorative
in my remarks but I
sincerely think  that it comes from the
console players that I am no longer used to being
around
with whom I am obliged to play if I
want to play land war mode which
is one of my favorite modes since it
allows for large-
scale battles  I have a hard time understanding
why CrossFit is mandatory
for this mode. I would have liked to be able to
play all the mods on my own
platform against players who are
on my platform because frankly
it still sucks to be on  PC
and to serve as appetizers to
console players, in short let's move on to the press point
we start with jeuxvideo.com who
gave a score of 16 out of 20 first of all I
would like to say that I noticed that it  there
was a play on words between Captain
Price and Leader Price that I hadn't
seen I promise you I didn't plagiarize
don't make me the Gad Elmaleh of
gaming please short
video game.com in milanote  16 out of 20 and they
put crossplay as a positive point
you guys are serious ah but
ok you only did the test
on PS4 it plays FPS on console and
it feels like a tester plus it doesn't  makes no
sense we see as a positive point a
well-made engine which holds up on
PS4 then as a negative point a
substandard technique on PS4 with some
technical problems during the test well the guys
should know is it [ __ ] or not
theirs  graphics engine now let's go
to Gameblog so test of Call of Duty
Modern Warfare a reboot which is worth the
price
we are going to play a current game which gave a
score of 17 out of 20 significantly less beautiful
on console than on PC ah like all the
games I  I want to say positive point
keyboard and mouse on PS4 already wait
what relation with the game and in addition do
you honestly think that
console players who have an mbot
in their hands will use a keyboard
and a mouse but you are  crazy we can
also see that the press in general
appreciated the solo campaign rather well apart from
jeuxvideo.com which was a little
more measured in its comments by saying
that the geopolitical approach was quite
questionable and I really agree
with  them so here is my note the fact of
creating a country which does not exist by
featuring an Arab population
I find that it is a total lack of
balls then the mission with
the little girl is frankly
disrespectful towards the populations
which live  really this kind of ordeal
because the fact that it happens in
an imaginary country breaks the
assumed news aspect and creates
no contrast with all the other facts,
Russians are being killed, there are attacks in
London, but to cite real
Arab countries  there's no one there anymore but hey,
we shouldn't shock little Bob 14 years old
80 kg Nour the television which is not
there to worry and then it
would be a little racist to say that the
Arab world is completely destabilized
in part  because of the Americans who have
been making a mess for decades
over 20, if
you liked this video don't hesitate to watch
others to subscribe to like to
share to comment on Instagram on
Twitter all that all that  I send you
kisses and I'll tell you next time about
the destrending test you know the game
we play Daryl from The Walking Dead that's
the only thing I understood by
looking at the images yeah there's a
baby too  crying